Add another possible cause (#9795)
dotnet/docs: docs/csharp/language-reference/compiler-messages/cs0433.md

 Two different assemblies referenced in your application contain the same namespace and type, which produces ambiguity.  
  
 To resolve this error, use the alias feature of the [/reference (C# Compiler Options)](../../../csharp/language-reference/compiler-options/reference-compiler-option.md) compiler option or do not reference one of your assemblies.  
 

>  This error can also occur if the Page tag has CodeFile when it should be CodeBehind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This error can also occur in ASP.NET Web Forms if:

* The `@ Page` directive has a `CodeFile` attribute when it should be a `CodeBehind` attribute.
* Code is placed in an *App_Code* folder that shouldn't reside there.
```

>  This error can also occur if code is in an APP_CODE folder that should not be in an APP_CODE folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
